Ross:
THERE'S LITTLE BEN.
LOOK AT AUNT MONICA'S
LITTLE BOY.
LOOK, HE'S GOT ROSS'S HAIRCUT.
LET ME SEE.
OH, GOD, IS HE JUST
THE SWEETEST THING.
YOU MUST JUST WANT
TO KISS HIM ALL OVER.
THAT WOULD BE NICE.
( snorts )
PARDON?
NOTHING. JUST A LITTLE
EXTRA AIR IN MY MOUTH.
HEY, CHAN, CAN YOU
HELP ME OUT HERE?
I PROMISE I'LL
PAY YOU BACK.
OH, YEAH,
RIGHT, OKAY.
INCLUDING THE WAFFLES
LAST WEEK
YOU NOW OWE ME...
17 JILLION DOLLARS.
I WILL, REALLY.
I'LL PAY YOU BACK.
AND WHERE'S THIS MONEY
COMING FROM?
I'M HELPING OUT DOWN
AT THE N.Y.U. MED SCHOOL
WITH SOME RESEARCH.
WHAT KIND
OF RESEARCH?
JUST, YOU KNOW, SCIENCE.
SCIENCE.
YEAH, I THINK
I'VE HEARD OF THAT.
IT'S A FERTILITY STUDY.
OH.
JOEY, PLEASE TELL ME
YOU'RE ONLY DONATING
YOUR TIME.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, YOU GUYS.
IT'S NOT THAT BIG A DEAL.
I JUST GO DOWN THERE
EVERY OTHER DAY
AND MAKE MY CONTRIBUTION
TO THE PROJECT.
HEY, HEY
BUT AT THE END OF TWO WEEKS
I GET $700.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE MAKING MONEY
HAND OVER FIST.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO ♪
OKAY, WE GOT THE COLESLAW,
WE GOT THE BUNS...
WE'VE GOT
THE GROUND-UP FLESH
OF FORMERLY CUTE
COWS AND TURKEYS.
MEN ARE HERE.
WE MAKE FIRE.
COOK MEAT.
THEN PUT OUT FIRE
BY PEEING.
NO GET INVITED BACK.
JOEY, MELANIE CALLED.
SHE'S GOING TO BE LATE.
OKAY.
HOW ARE THINGS GOING
WITH YOU TWO?
IS SHE BECOMING
YOUR SPECIAL SOMEONE?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE'S, UH,
SHE'S PRETTY GREAT.
WHAT DOES SHE THINK OF YOUR
LITTLE SCIENCE PROJECT?
YOU THINK I'M GOING
TO TELL A GIRL I LIKE
THAT I'M ALSO SEEING A CUP?
MAN'S GOT A POINT.
THE TOUGH THING IS
SHE REALLY WANTS
TO HAVE SEX WITH ME.
CRAZY BITCH.
I STILL GOT A WEEK
LEFT TO GO IN THE PROGRAM.
AND ACCORDING TO THE RULES
IF I WANT THE MONEY
I'M NOT ALLOWED TO CONDUCT
ANY PERSONAL EXPERIMENTS
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
JOEY, WE ALWAYS KNOW
WHAT YOU MEAN.
HOW LONG
DID YOU THINK
THIS BARBECUE
WAS GOING TO LAST?
I'M GOING TO CHINA.
GEEZ, YOU SAY ONE THING...
YOU'RE GOING TO CHINA?
IT'S FOR THE MUSEUM.
SOMEONE FOUND A BONE.
THEY DON'T WANT US
TO HAVE THE BONE.
I'M GOING TO TRY
AND PERSUADE THEM TO GIVE US...
IT'S A WHOLE BIG BONE THING.
ANYWAY, I'M GOING TO BE GONE
FOR LIKE A WEEK.
SO IF YOU WANT TO REACH ME,
YOU CAN'T.
HERE'S MY ITINERARY.
UM, HERE'S A PICTURE OF ME.
LET ME SEE.
COULD YOU TAKE IT TO CAROL
EVERY NOW AND THEN
AND SHOW IT TO BEN
SO HE DOESN'T FORGET ME?
YEAH.
HI, BEN, I'M YOUR FATHER.
I AM THE HEAD!
ALL RIGHT. THIS BARBECUE'S GOING
TO BE VERY FUN.
HEY, IS RACHEL HERE?
I WANTED TO WISH HER
A HAPPY BIRTHDAY
BEFORE I LEFT.
SHE'S HAVING
DRINKS WITH CARL.
OH.
HEY, WHO'S CARL?
YOU KNOW, THAT GUY
SHE MET AT THE COFFEEHOUSE.
NO.
THERE'S THIS GUY
THAT SHE MET...
AT THE COFFEEHOUSE,
RIGHT.
SO YOU DO KNOW WHO HE IS.
I'M GOING TO GO
SAY GOOD-BYE TO THE GUYS.
HEY, TELL THEM
THAT BONE STORY.
HI.
HEY.
I HAVE TO GO
TO CHINA.
THE COUNTRY?
NO, NO. THIS BIG PILE OF DISHES
IN MY MOM'S BREAKFRONT.
DO YOU GUYS KNOW
WHO CARL IS?
LET'S SEE...
ALVIN, SIMON, THEODORE...
NO.
WELL, RACHEL'S HAVING
DRINKS WITH HIM TONIGHT.
OH, NO!
HOW CAN SHE DO THAT
WHEN SHE'S NEVER SHOWN
ANY INTEREST IN YOU?
FORGET ABOUT HER.
HE'S RIGHT, MAN.
PLEASE.
GO TO CHINA.
EAT CHINESE FOOD.
OF COURSE, THERE THEY JUST
CALL IT "FOOD."
YEAH, I GUESS.
I DON'T KNOW.
ALL RIGHT. JUST...
JUST GIVE HER THIS, OKAY?
WE'RE JUST
LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.
WE WANT YOU
TO BE HAPPY.
AND I MAY HAVE
A COUPLE BEERS IN ME
BUT I LOVE YOU, MAN.
I'M STILL ON MY FIRST.
I JUST THINK YOU'RE NICE.
THAT'S WHEN ME
AND MY FRIEND
STARTED THIS WHOLE
FRUITBASKET BUSINESS.
WE CALL OURSELVES
"THE THREE BASKETEERS."
LIKE THE THREE MUSKETEERS,
ONLY WITH FRUIT.
OH.
OKAY.
HOW DOES EVERYBODY
LIKE THEIR BURGERS?
NO, NO, PRESENTS FIRST
FOOD LATER.
HEY, HOLD ON
THERE, TIGER.
HOW'S IT GOING?
HOW YOU HOLDING UP?
SHE DEFINITELY THINKS
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT
WE'RE GOING TO COMPLETE
THE TRANSACTION
IF YOU KNOW WHAT...
AND YOU DO.
SO HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT BEING THERE FOR HER?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW, JUST
BE THERE FOR HER.
NOT FOLLOWING YOU.
THINK ABOUT IT.
OKAY, I'M GUESSING
THIS IS FROM...
WELL, THANK YOU,
MELANIE.
OKAY, THIS ONE
RIGHT HERE IS FROM ME.
OKAY.
IT'S LIGHT.
IT RATTLES.
IT'S...
TRAVEL SCRABBLE.
WOW. THANK YOU.
THIS ONE'S FROM JOEY.
FEELS LIKE
A BOOK.
AND IT'S A BOOK.
IT'S DR. SEUSS!
THAT BOOK GOT ME
THROUGH SOME TOUGH TIMES.
THERE IS A LITTLE CHILD
INSIDE THIS MAN.
YES. THE DOCTORS SAY
IF THEY REMOVE IT
HE'LL DIE.
WHO'S THIS FROM?
ROSS.
OH, MY GOD.
HE REMEMBERED.
REMEMBERED WHAT?
IT WAS MONTHS AGO.
WE WERE WALKING
BY THIS ANTIQUE STORE.
I SAW THIS PIN
IN THE WINDOW.
I TOLD HIM IT WAS
JUST LIKE ONE
MY GRANDMOTHER HAD
WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE REMEMBERED.
WELL, SURE, BUT CAN YOU PLAY IT
ON A PLANE?
IT'S
SO PRETTY.
THIS MUST HAVE COST HIM
A FORTUNE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE DID THIS.
REMEMBER BACK
IN COLLEGE
WHEN ROSS FELL
IN LOVE WITH CAROL
AND BOUGHT HER
THAT RIDICULOUSLY
EXPENSIVE CRYSTAL DUCK?
WHAT DID
YOU JUST SAY?
( clearing throat )
CRYSTAL DUCK.
NO, NO, NO.
THE, UM...
THE LOVE PART?
FOR... FLANIN...
OH, MY GOD!
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S GOOD.
JUST KEEP RUBBING YOUR HEAD.
THAT WILL
TURN BACK TIME.
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
I KNOW. THIS IS
REALLY, REALLY HUGE.
NO, IT'S NOT.
IT'S SMALL. IT'S TINY.
IT'S PETITE. IT'S WEE.
UH-UH. I DON'T THINK
ANY OF OUR LIVES
ARE EVER GOING TO BE
THE SAME EVER AGAIN.
IS THERE A MUTE BUTTON
ON THIS WOMAN?
I THINK
THIS IS SO GREAT.
I MEAN, YOU AND ROSS!
DID YOU HAVE ANY IDEA?
NO. NONE.
MY FIRST NIGHT
IN THE CITY HE MENTIONED
SOMETHING ABOUT
ASKING ME OUT
BUT NOTHING EVER HAPPENED...
WHAT ELSE DID HE SAY?
DOES HE WANT
TO GO OUT WITH ME?
SINCE HE IS DESPERATELY
IN LOVE WITH YOU
HE PROBABLY WOULDN'T
MIND GETTING A CUP
OF COFFEE OR SOMETHING.
ROSS?
ALL THIS TIME?
WELL, I'VE GOT
TO TALK TO HIM.
HE'S IN CHINA!
THE COUNTRY.
HIS FLIGHT DOESN'T LEAVE
FOR ANOTHER 45 MINUTES.
THE TIME DIFFERENCE.
FROM HERE TO THE AIRPORT?
YES!
YOU'RE NEVER
GOING TO MAKE IT.
WELL, I'VE GOT TO TRY.
WHAT WILL YOU SAY?
I-I-I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, THEN MAYBE
YOU SHOULDN'T GO.
IF YOU JUST BREAK
HIS HEART
THAT'S THE KIND
OF THING THAT CAN WAIT.
IF IT'S GOOD NEWS,
TELL HIM NOW.
MAYBE I'LL KNOW
WHEN I SEE HIM.
HERE, LOOK.
ALL RIGHT.
DOES THIS HELP?
NO...
LOOK, I CANNOT WAIT A WEEK
UNTIL I SEE HIM.
THIS IS JUST TOO BIG.
I'VE JUST GOT
TO TALK TO HIM.
I'VE GOT TO...
OKAY. I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
RACHEL, I LOVE YOU!
DEAL WITH ME FIRST!
ZAI JIAN.
WO DE FENGZHENG
YOU CHONGZI...
ALL RIGHTY!
NI XIAO SHI MA!
ROSS!
PARDON ME!
YOUR BOARDING PASS?
I NEED TO TALK
TO MY FRIEND.
YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED
ON THE JETWAY
UNLESS YOU HAVE
A BOARDING PASS.
I KNOW, BUT HE JUST WENT ON.
HE'S GOT THE BLUE JACKET ON.
I'M SORRY.
FEDERAL REGULATIONS.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
COULD YOU PLEASE
JUST GIVE HIM
A MESSAGE FOR ME?
PLEASE? THIS IS IMPORTANT.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S THE MESSAGE?
I DON'T KNOW.
EXCUSE ME. SIR! SIR!
EXCUSE ME. SIR!
I HAVE A MESSAGE
FOR YOU.
WHAT?
IT'S FROM RACHEL.
SHE SAID THAT SHE
LOVED THE PRESENT
AND SHE'LL SEE YOU
WHEN YOU GET BACK.
TOBY, OH,
FOR GOD'S SAKE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
SHE'S TALKING ABOUT.
THERE'S NO RACHEL!
DON'T GIVE ME
THAT DEEP FREEZE.
MMM...
OH, JOEY, JOEY, JOEY.
I THINK I BLACKED OUT
THERE FOR A MINUTE.
IT WAS NOTHING.
WELL, NOW WE'VE GOT
TO FIND SOMETHING
FUN FOR YOU.
( laughs )
( kissing )
UH... YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET ABOUT ME.
LET'S, UH...
LET'S GIVE YOU
ANOTHER TURN.
ME AGAIN?
SURE! WHY NOT?
BOY! SOMEBODY'S GOING TO GET
A BIG FRUIT BASKET TOMORROW.
OH! I'VE GOT
TO TELL YOU, JOEY
YOU ARE NOTHING LIKE
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD BE.
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
I GUESS I JUST
HAD YOU PEGGED
AS ONE OF THOSE GUYS
WHO ARE ALWAYS "ME, ME, ME."
BUT YOU...
YOU'RE A GIVER.
YOU'RE, LIKE, THE MOST
GENEROUS MAN I'VE EVER MET.
I MEAN...
YOU'RE PRACTICALLY A WOMAN.
UH, SO, UH, RACH
YOU WANT TO SAVE
THIS WRAPPING PAPER?
IT'S ONLY
A LITTLE BIT TORN.
SO ARE YOU GOING
TO GO FOR IT WITH ROSS
OR SHOULD I JUST
THROW IT OUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT ABOUT IT
ALL THE WAY THERE
AND I THOUGHT ABOUT IT
ALL THE WAY BACK.
AND, UH, OH, YOU GUYS,
YOU KNOW, IT'S ROSS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I MEAN, IT'S ROSS.
SURE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, THIS IS JUST
MY INITIAL GUT FEELING...
( sighs )
BUT I'M THINKING...
I'M THINKING
IT'D BE REALLY GREAT.
OH, MY GOD, YOU DO!
WE'LL BE LIKE
FRIENDS-IN-LAW.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THE BEST PART IS?
YOU KNOW EVERYTHING
ABOUT HIM.
IT'S LIKE STARTING
ON THE 15th DATE.
YEAH, BUT YOU KNOW.
IT'S LIKE STARTING
ON THE 15th DATE.
ANOTHER GOOD POINT.
NO. I MEAN...
WHEN YOU'RE AT THE 15th DATE
YOU'RE ALREADY IN
A VERY RELATIONSHIPPY PLACE.
YOU'RE COMMITTED.
HUH?
THEN WHAT HAPPENS
IF IT DOESN'T WORK OUT?
WHY ISN'T IT
WORKING OUT?
SOMETIMES IT DOESN'T.
IS HE NOT CUTE ENOUGH FOR YOU?
OR NOT MAKE ENOUGH MONEY?
NO. I'M JUST...
SOMEONE ELSE?
WHA...
IS THERE?
IS THERE SOMEONE ELSE?
NO! THERE IS NO ONE ELSE!
THEN WHY ARE YOU
DUMPING MY BROTHER?
WELL...
HEY, BIG...
SHH!
SPENDER.
SHE'S STILL ASLEEP.
SO, HOW'D IT GO?
IT WAS AMAZING.
YOU EVER THINK
YOU'RE GREAT IN BED?
THE FACT THAT YOU'D
EVEN ASK THAT QUESTION
SHOWS HOW LITTLE
YOU KNOW ME.
WELL, IT'S LIKE, LAST NIGHT
I COULDN'T DO THE THING
THAT USUALLY MAKES ME GREAT.
SO I HAD TO DO
ALL THIS OTHER STUFF
AND THE RESPONSE I GOT--
MAN, OH, MAN!
IT WAS LIKE
A TICKER-TAPE PARADE.
YES, I KNOW.
AS IT HAPPENS, MY ROOM
IS VERY, VERY CLOSE
TO THE PARADE ROUTE.
IT WAS AMAZING.
NOT JUST FOR HER, UH-UH.
FOR ME TOO.
IT'S LIKE ALL OF A SUDDEN,
I'M BLIND.
BUT ALL MY OTHER SENSES
ARE HEIGHTENED.
IT'S LIKE I WAS ABLE
TO APPRECIATE IT
ON ANOTHER LEVEL.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU
HAD ANOTHER LEVEL.
I KNOW. NEITHER DID I.
HEY, GREAT SKIRT!
BIRTHDAY PRESENT?
YEAH.
WELL, FROM WHO?
FROM YOU--
I EXCHANGED THE BLOUSE
YOU GOT ME.
WELL, IT'S THE THOUGHT.
HEY, DOESN'T ROSS' FLIGHT GET IN
IN A COUPLE OF HOURS...
AT GATE 27B?
UH, YEAH. UH, MONICA,
YOU KNOW, HONEY
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT
AND I'VE DECIDED
THIS WHOLE ROSS THING
IS JUST NOT A GOOD IDEA.
WHY?
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
I WOULDN'T JUST BE
GOING OUT WITH HIM
I WOULD BE GOING OUT
WITH ALL OF YOU.
THERE WOULD JUST BE
ALL THIS PRESSURE...
NO. NO PRESSURE!
NO PRESSURE!
NOTHING HAS
EVEN HAPPENED YET
AND YOU ARE
ALREADY SO...
I AM NOT "SO"!
OKAY. I WAS A TEENSY
BIT WEIRD AT FIRST
BUT I'LL BE GOOD. I PROMISE.
( buzzing )
OKAY?
WHO IS IT?
Man:
It's me, Carl.
COME ON UP.
BEHIND MY
BROTHER'S BACK?
IS EXACTLY THE KIND
OF CRAZY THING
YOU WON'T BE HEARING FROM ME.
700 BUCKS!
ALL RIGHT! YOU DID IT!
DO WE HAVE ANY FRUIT?
MAN, HELL OF A TWO WEEKS, HUH?
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, THOUGH?
I REALLY FEEL LIKE
I LEARNED SOMETHING.
YOU'RE STICKING
WITH THIS "ALL FOR HER" THING?
WHAT ARE YOU? CRAZY?
WHEN A BLIND MAN
GETS HIS SIGHT BACK
DOES HE WALK AROUND LIKE THIS?
I'M JUST SAYING
IF I SEE ONE MORE PICTURE
OF ED BEGLEY, JR.
IN THAT STUPID
ELECTRIC CAR
I'M GOING
TO SHOOT MYSELF!
I'M NOT AGAINST
ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES PER SE.
IT'S JUST THAT GUY!
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
YOU WOULD RATHER GO OUT
WITH HIM THAN ME.
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME, PLEASE.
I'M TRYING TO HAVE A DATE.
FINE. JUST STOP
THINKING ABOUT ME.
( sighs )
CAN'T DO IT, CAN YOU?
SO, I'M THINKING
ABOUT YOU.
SO WHAT?
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT DO YOU SEE
IN THIS GUY?
WELL, HE SEEMS TO BE
A VERY NICE... GUY.
...COME ON, BUDDY!
GET A REAL CAR!
RACHEL, COME ON.
GIVE US A CHANCE.
ROSS, IT'S TOO HARD.
BECAUSE IT MIGHT GET WEIRD
FOR EVERYONE ELSE?
WHO CARES ABOUT THEM?
THIS IS ABOUT US.
I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH YOU
SINCE LIKE, THE NINTH GRADE.
YOU'RE LIKE
MY BEST FRIEND.
IF WE BROKE UP
AND I LOST YOU...
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHY WOULD WE BREAK UP?
HAVE YOU BEEN INVOLVED
WITH SOMEONE
WHERE YOU HAVEN'T
BROKEN UP?
NO.
BUT IT ONLY HAS
TO HAPPEN ONCE.
LOOK, YOU AND I BOTH KNOW
WE ARE PERFECT
FOR EACH OTHER.
RIGHT? I MEAN,
SO THE ONLY QUESTION IS
ARE YOU ATTRACTED TO ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, I'VE NEVER LOOKED
AT YOU THAT WAY BEFORE.
WELL, START LOOKING.
WOW.
EXACTLY!
AND I'LL BE THE GUY
CAUGHT BEHIND THIS
HAMMERHEAD IN TRAFFIC.
UH, RIGHT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
I FORGOT I'M SUPPOSED
TO PICK UP A FRIEND
AT THE AIRPORT.
I AM SO SORRY.
SO, IF YOU WANT TO STAY
AND FINISH YOUR DRINKS
PLEASE DO.
I'M SORRY. I'VE GOT TO GO.
I'M SORRY.
BUT...
EXCUSE ME. PARDON ME.
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
SORRY.
TOBY, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
WILL YOU LET IT GO?
THERE'S NO RACHEL!
EXCUSE ME. SORRY.
OH, HEY. HEY.
I GOT THAT.
OH, THANKS. SWEETIE.
NO PROBLEM.
I CANNOT WAIT FOR YOU
TO MEET MY FRIENDS.
REALLY?
YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'LL JUDGE
AND RIDICULE ME?
NO. THEY WILL.
I JUST...
Both:
CAN'T WAIT.
THEY'LL LOVE YOU.
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS ♪
♪ STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU... ♪
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]